Adding param to PublicCDNAdapter to allow for custom asset path folder name. (#56)
silverstripe/silverstripe-s3: README.md

`https://cdn.example.com/assets/Uploads/file.jpg`

You can override the default `/assets/` path by redeclaring the PublicCDNAdapter constructor, with the paramater for the `cdnAssetPath` set to a string of your folder name:

```yml
---
Name: silverstripes3-cdn
Only:
  envvarset: AWS_PUBLIC_CDN_PREFIX
After:
  - "#assetsflysystem"
  - "#silverstripes3-flysystem"
---
SilverStripe\Core\Injector\Injector:
  SilverStripe\S3\Adapter\PublicAdapter:
    class: SilverStripe\S3\Adapter\PublicCDNAdapter
    constructor:
      s3Client: '%$Aws\S3\S3Client'
      bucket: "`AWS_BUCKET_NAME`"
      prefix: "`AWS_PUBLIC_BUCKET_PREFIX`"
      cdnPrefix: "`AWS_PUBLIC_CDN_PREFIX`"

>       cdnAssetPath: "public" # example of altered path name, which will produce https://cdn.example.com/public/Uploads/file.jpg

Reviewer: Can we please use a different example path here since `public` folder has a special meaning when dealing with folders and paths in SS4.

```suggestion
      cdnAssetsDir: "cms-assets" # example of a custom assets folder name, which will produce https://cdn.example.com/cms-assets/Uploads/file.jpg
```
